Update descriptions of the `initial.` settings (#2587)
neo4j/docs-operations: modules/ROOT/pages/configuration/configuration-settings.adoc

[frame="topbot", stripes=odd, grid="cols", cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Description

> a|Automatically enables all `Free` servers when the DBMS starts for the first time.

Author: @jackwaudby hi! I'd like to double check if this is correct. 
I assume that whenever you add a new server to the cluster and configure this setting in the _neo4j.conf_ file of the new server, this server will be automatically enabled.

Author: What about this description:

Automatically enables servers that are in the FREE state -- not only during the initial DBMS startup but also whenever a new server joins the cluster.

[frame="topbot", stripes=odd, grid="cols", cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Description

> a|The initial default number of secondary servers for standard databases. Initialized at the first DBMS startup. If the user does not specify the number of secondaries in `CREATE DATABASE`, this value will be used unless overwritten by the `dbms.setDefaultAllocationNumbers` procedure.

Author: ```suggestion
a|The initial default number of secondaries for the standard databases. Initialized at the first DBMS startup. If the user does not specify the number of secondaries in `CREATE DATABASE`, this value will be used unless overwritten by the `dbms.setDefaultAllocationNumbers` procedure.
```

[frame="topbot", stripes=odd, grid="cols", cols="<1s,<4"]
|===
|Description

> a|Specifies whether the server can host databases as primaries, secondaries, or either. Initialized at the first DBMS startup and/or when a newly added server is enabled. The setting is used as the default input for the `ENABLE SERVER` command; can be overriden when the command is executed.

Author: ```suggestion
a|Determines whether the server is configured to host primary databases only, secondary databases only, or both.
Initialized at the first DBMS startup and/or when a newly added server is enabled.
The setting is used as the default input for the `ENABLE SERVER` command; can be overriden when the command is executed.
```

Author: I suggest to rephrase the sentence _Specifies whether the server can host databases as primaries, secondaries, or either_, because it could be confusing -- that databases may have three different modes: primary, secondary, or both.

Reviewer: Sure that sounds good to me.

> a|Specifies whether the server can host databases as primaries, secondaries, or neither. Initialized at the first DBMS startup and/or when a newly added server is enabled. The setting is used as the default input for the `ENABLE SERVER` command; can be overriden when the command is executed.

Author: ```suggestion
a|Specifies whether the server can host databases as primaries, secondaries, or either. Initialized at the first DBMS startup and/or when a newly added server is enabled. The setting is used as the default input for the `ENABLE SERVER` command; can be overriden when the command is executed.
```
